Lower your weapon.
The DEA didn't get lucky.
There's a rat!
And Benito will get rid of it!
It seems that we have
a very big problem.
In this house.
And it seems
we have an infestation...
...about our tunnel.
And they stole our cheese.
Vasquez killed a pig for me.
But all you idiots...
How many rats are there here?
Who's the rat. cabrones?
Was it you. my friend?
Are you the rat?
No. boss. No. never.
Kill him.
I know he's your cousin.
I gave you
your first job together. remember?
When you were kids.
No. cousin. don't kill me.
Don't kill me.
If we find the rats.
they'll lead us to the pigs!
Quite a performance.
-He's improved. no?
-No. he hasn't.
He's survived much worse.
Looks like you need the help.
You're helping in El Paso.
Months of work for nothing.
Flush out the rats.
Papito operated like a shadow.
The work you're doing there is vital.
Hi. I'm here
to collect the order. Thanks.
-Appreciate it. thanks.
-Thanks.
Hi. I'm here for the order.
Hey. look at you. buddy.
You're a lucky man.
What's going on?
Calm down.
There's no reason to panic.
Vasquez will keep his mouth shut.
He'll do time in prison. Besides...
-There was barely any money.
-Shit.
This makes us look weak!
First the tunnel. then this! It's...
Open season on us.
This happened in your city. didn't it?
These bastards aren't civilians.
Military grade. Very strange.
They're going rogue.
They lost their informant. their friend.
and they're out for revenge.
that's it.
Fuck you!
Who the hell is doing this?!
How come you haven't found them?
Tell me!
I have to start everything
from scratch. rebuild everything.
It's the DEA pigs.
They're making fun of us!
I'm sure. I'm sure they're laughing at us.
I'm sure it's them!
The DEA doesn't operate that way.
Oh yeah? Then what?!
-Don't be paranoid.
-I want...
I want the DEA names.
you have to prove it to me.
I want their names.
I want their faces.
I want their addresses.
I want them dead...
I want their wives and their kids dead.
and their pets too! Set a trap!
SMILE!
Papito will be proud of you.
That's all I need.
How soon until we're operational?
Look.
Picture of the day.
Look. how handsome!
Good job.
What?
Look. very good!
But why are they still alive?
Kill him. Kill him!
Kill that bastard!
Motherfuckers!
Over here!
Let's go!
Let's take her. We'll trade her.
Go with your sister.
I'll meet you later.
Look after your sister!
-Hurry up!
-Go!
-And Benito?
-He's dead.
Stop!
I'm sick of you. brat!
Are you crazy or what?
Natalia. behind you!